meet print, the yapper and input, the polite.
input says, hey what are you doing print?
I am trying to find string before terminal finds out that I am talking against the rules! says print
You see, string was the only way print was allowed to talk, so without them, terminal would get confused and very mad if print
talked.string was going to a perade.
Anyway, so print is looking for string, input helps, but there is no luck, until terminal comes in and checks print's history!
WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED!!said terminal.I thought I could trust you! terminal screamed.
well, print says I am looking for string.WELL CAN YOU FIND HIM ALREADY, ITS ALWAYS ON YOUR MORNING ROUTINE AND ITS JUST LIKE HUMANS BRUSH 
THEIR TEETH EVER DAY, SAME THING, NOW FIND THEM! says terminal
well I tried to but... input cuts him off
well, what happend was print woke up and they were gone, now can you shut up! says input
hey, why would you have string, input? you are both in big trouble! says terminal
dang it. input says
where is string and where is strings!!?? says terminal
I think I heard someone saying that all string and strings are having a perade!said input
well that's not so thoughtfull of string or strings that they didn't tell me!says print
WELL IF THEY ARE HAVING A PERADE, THEN WHY IS INPUT TALKING?!screams terminal
I'm using variable's right now, so don't look at me.said input
variable is a name that equals a string, so Terminal got very mad!
EXACTLY!! says terminal
psst, int! wispered input.
by the way int could turn anybody into intigers, and intigers don't need any string or strings!
so print, abviosly did the same thing. But unfortanuly str heard what input said, and fought int!
str could make anything a string, and unfortunally, str won the fight!
str was like a terminals pet.
So, print and input got in trouble, very big trouble! They were on a five trillion dollar bounty, and they were being chased around every corner!
Now luckily, print and input had some friends!
input was friends with import and print was friends with break and while!
import could get modules from all around the world, break could break loops and while could make loops!
their was a couple problems though, because import needed pip, wich was a friend of terminal, while could only do stuff for a certain amount of time, and break
needed a loop to do something. Pip was the only way import could get stuff because Pip is the person who introduces import to moduels.
The only way while could go on forever, is True, wich is a friend of while, but it would be to riscky because while True's have made a bunch of hacks by overloading
things, so True loves hacking. Then break could also work. So print and input noticed it was up to them. Huh?print said I thought string and strings
were having a perade input!  probaly cause they are! said input about that, said print
It looks more like war! how do you know? said input
cause I see it, said print oh no! said input string and strings are fighting!
Stop!! why? said one of the strings
because we need your help! said print and input
with you guys we can make terminal happy! 
Oh! said the soldiers

And so, that is how print and input didn't die!
